[Autogenerated] before you pick your algorithm,
you need to understand what types of machine learning problems you're
trying to solve and these fall into three categories.
Supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement.
We'll fill in these three buckets as we do, starting with an example first.
Is this customer likely to leave yes or no?
Is this a picture of a cat?
Yes or no?
Is this a fraudulent transaction?
Is this a cat dog or bird?
Three choices in this case rather than two.
Those examples We just saw the illustrates supervised learning problems
and within supervised those would be classifications.
Types of problems where they could be binary,
yes or no, true or false or multi class things like cat dog or bird or house,
condo, town, home or apartment.
These are defined choices or categories that we're working with.
Importantly, supervised learning only works if you have labeled data.
Hence the little tag or label icon on the top right of the box.
And by labeled data, we mean, for instance, that we pass in a picture of a cat.
There's a label that says This is a cat.
If we don't have the label for the cat picture,
then we wouldn't be able to use supervised learning in that instance.
Moving on.
Maybe we're asking a question that isn't yes or no,
but something more like How much rent should I charge
for my three bedroom vacation rental?
In this case,
we could use the data to plot out values for other vacation rentals.
Or we have the number of bedrooms on the X axis and
price per night on the Y axis.
Then we find a line that fits all those points using the line we can.
Then connect our three bedroom rental to a price,
and we're going to call it 1 70 a night.
This is an example of a regression problem where you're working with
continuous values like rent prices or stock prices,
or predicting the sales of a product next up.
What about a question like this?
What are my customer segments?
If we plot this out using the number of purchases and the amount of spend,
maybe we find something like this where they kind of cluster together.
We have big spenders who have smaller number of purchases,
but at a higher price point each time and then small
spenders who have more transactions, but at a lower cost per transaction.
That's an example of unsupervised learning.
The key difference here is that you're using unlabeled data.
In other words, when we passed in existing customer data,
we didn't have a field called Big Spender or a small spender.
We didn't even know that we had those two customer segments.
Instead, we just had information about number of purchases and amount of spend.
Using those two bits of data,
we were able to find patterns in the data and realized that we
had these two distinct types of customers.
Clustering,
like we just saw is a common example oven unsupervised learning problem.
You're grouping data into clusters based on similar features.
Another example would be maybe you have a bunch of patient data,
and when you look at different features of that data,
you find that you have one group who responds well to
treatment and one who doesn't next up.
Anomalies are outliers.
Looking at this graph,
it's easy to see that you have an anomaly for
energy consumption at around our 16.
Then it drops back down to normal usage.
This is definitely something would need to investigate and anomaly
detection is another great example of unsupervised learning.
You could use this to find suspicious network traffic or
abnormal heartbeats moving to the next example.
Maybe you're asking,
How can I cross sell or apps all my customers using something like a
recommendation systems a great way to do that.
I'm sure you've all seen these on your favorite e commerce IT.
These recommend ER systems also learn.
So we learned that the user didn't click on the basketball.
So note to self.
Don't recommend that again.
These user didn't click on the boots either,
so we learned not to recommend that again.
But then, finally, success.
They did click and purchase the espresso machine.
So we've learned that we want to do more
recommendations like that in the future.
This type of learning is called reinforcement,
learning where the algorithm is interacting with the environment.
In our case,
the site that the user was clicking on and being rewarded for
correct choices for those of you have dogs,
it's a similar idea.
If they do something right, you want to reinforce that behavior with a treat.
This is also used in games.
The navigation of robots.
Think about your Roomba if you have one and self driving cars like Amazon, Steep Racer